thanks for your recent purchase of our
raindrip automatic watering kit
installation of this kit should only
take about twenty minutes we have also
provided a link that will show you how
to program the timer if you need it
let's get started with the installation
the timer that comes in this kit
requires water pressure greater than 25
psi that means you cannot use this timer
to control water flow from say a rain
barrel additionally this timer must be
installed on an above ground hose bib do
not install it on a hose or location
where the timer will be laying on the
ground first you need to locate the hose
bib that is near the landscape area you
want to water
next take the timer and hold it up to
the hose bib with the metal color in
line with the bottom of the hose bib
hand tighten the collar onto the hose
bib until the timer is securely
connected do not over tighten the collar
the kit also comes with a Wye splitter
the purpose of a Wye splitter is to
allow usage of your hose bib while the
hose bib is connected to the timer you
can also use it to water in two
different directions off the same timer
but it will require an additional
purchase of supply line and feeder lines
now that the timer is in place screw on
the filter regulator and attach the
supply line this may look like a lot of
parts but you only really need the
supply line the other parts are provided
to help you tee off the tubing turn
corners or cap off a cut-in now that
your supply line is connected to the
timer lay out the supply line throughout
your landscape in a way that will allow
the tubing to run in the middle of the
landscape push the metal stakes into the
ground to hold your supply line in place
once your supply line is laid out
position each of the ten feeder lines at
intervals that will allow the dripper
head to water the base of each flower
shrub or tree tripperz are made to emit
two gallons of water per hour so there
is plenty of water for multiple plants
in your landscape
once you have positioned the feeder
lines grasp the supply line and one of
your clamp and pierced feeder lines in
the manner shown firmly press on the
fitting to puncture the supply line and
ensure the fitting has wrapped itself
fully around the supply line do this for
the remaining feeder lines
next take the dripper and attach it to
the plastic state and place it near the
base of your plant
sometimes you may need more supply line
or feeder lines you can find those but
visiting raindrip.com
we have also provided a quick watering
guide that can help you select the right
number of feeder lines for each plant
type so that's all there is to it if you
have any additional questions please
contact us at rain drip at raindrip.com
for more than 30 years raindrip a
subsidiary of nds has been a leader in
efficient irrigation solutions for the
residential market for more information
on our products other efficient
irrigation products and special offers
visit raindrip.com